Update deprecation milestones based on schedule change (#550)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/web-platform/site-impacting-changes.md

| Feature area | Status in Microsoft Edge | Additional information |  

> | --- | --- | ---:|  

Reviewer: The table is right aligned. Can you left align it please?

Reviewer: Global comment for the 2nd column. Can we change "starting in v82" to "(available in v82)."?

Author: >The table is right aligned. Can you left align it please?

I haven't changed the formatting of the table from what was originally there; I'm happy for it to be left aligned if that's better somehow, but it doesn't seem like a blocking issue.

>Global comment for the 2nd column. Can we change "starting in v82" to "(available in v82)."?

This seems less clear than the original (it implies that it's "available" not "required" and it suggests that it might only apply to 82, rather than applying to 83+.

Reviewer: Thanks for asking. Left alignment for table data follows the MS Style Guidelines.

I suggest "(available in v82 or later)." to follow the MS Style Guide.

Reviewer 2: The alignment was fixed in another PR.

Reviewer 2: The suggestion was moved into a suggestion box.

> | Cookies default to `SameSite=Lax` | Canary/Dev experimentation starting in v82 | This change is happening in the Chromium project, on which Microsoft Edge is based. For more information, including the planned timeline by Google for this change, please review the [Chrome Platform Status entry][ChromePlatformStatus5088147346030592]. Based on user and developer feedback, the Microsoft Edge team is shipping this feature in Microsoft Edge later than Google.  |  

Reviewer: Can we change to:
This change is made in the Chromium project, which is used by Microsoft Edge. For more information, including the planned timeline as it relates to this change, see [Chrome Platform Status entry][ChromePlatformStatus5088147346030592]. Based on feedback, this feature will be available in Microsoft Edge later than Google.

Author: "This change is made in the Chromium project" sounds grammatically incorrect?

Again, the problem with the word "available" is that it doesn't properly convey that this isn't something that the IT admin gets to elect.

Reviewer: Suggestion:
This change will be added to the Chromium project, which is used by Microsoft Edge. For more information, including the planned timeline as it relates to this change, see [Chrome Platform Status entry][ChromePlatformStatus5088147346030592]. Based on feedback, this feature will be released in Microsoft Edge later than Google.

Reviewer 2: The correct way to handle recommended actions is to use "must" for required action, "should" for optional recommended actions, and "may" for optional actions.

Reviewer 2: Moved conversation to email.

> | Referrer Policy: Default to `strict-origin-when-cross-origin` | Canary/Dev experimentation starting in v79 | This change is happening in the Chromium project, on which Microsoft Edge is based. For more information, including the planned timeline by Google for this change, please review the [Chrome Platform Status entry][ChromePlatformStatus6251880185331712]. Based on user and developer feedback, the Microsoft Edge team is shipping this feature in Microsoft Edge at the same time or later than Google.  |  

Reviewer: Can we update this text as described above?

> | Disallow synchronous XmlHttpRequest in page dismissal | Shipping in v83 | This change is happening in the Chromium project, on which Microsoft Edge is based. For more information, including the planned timeline by Google for this change, please review the [Chrome Platform Status entry][ChromePlatformStatus4664843055398912]. Based on enterprise and developer feedback, the Microsoft Edge team is shipping this feature in Microsoft Edge later than Chrome. Matching Chrome, Edge offers a Group Policy to disable this change until Edge 88.  |  

Reviewer: Can we change "Shipping in v83" to "Coming soon"?

Reviewer: Can we change the first couple of sentences to align with the feedback in the above cells?

Reviewer: Can we change:
Matching Chrome, Edge offers a Group Policy to disable this change until Edge 88.  |
to:
Similar to Chrome, Edge has a Group Policy setting to disable this change up to v88.  |

Author: > Can we change "Shipping in v83" to "Coming soon"?

The goal of this document is to communicate a specific timeframe, to the extent possible, to developers and Enterprise IT. The proposed change is in direct contradiction to that goal.

Reviewer 2: Created suggestion with v88 request.

Reviewer 2: Created suggestion with Matching request.

Reviewer 2: Moved the conversation to email.

> | Disable TLS/1.0 and TLS/1.1 by default | Shipping in v83 | To help discover impacted sites, you may set the `edge://flags/#show-legacy-tls-warnings` flag to cause Edge to show a non-blocking "Not Secure" notice when loading pages that require legacy TLS protocols. The [SSLMinVersion][DeployedEdgePoliciesSSLMinVersion] Group Policy permits re-enabling of TLS/1.0 and TLS/1.1; the policy remains available until Edge 88.  |  

Reviewer: can we change:
...TLS/1.1; the policy remains available until Edge 88.  |  
to:
...TLS/1.1. This policy will be available in Microsoft Edge up to v88.  |

Reviewer 2: Moved to a suggestion note.

| Feature area | Status in Microsoft Edge | Additional information |  
|:--- |:--- |:--- |  

> | Cookies default to `SameSite=Lax` | Canary/Dev experimentation starting in v82 | This change is happening in the Chromium project, on which Microsoft Edge is based.  For more information, including the planned timeline by Google for this change, please review the [Chrome Platform Status entry][ChromePlatformStatus5088147346030592].  Based on user and developer feedback, the Microsoft Edge team is shipping this feature in Microsoft Edge later than Google.  |  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Cookies default to `SameSite=Lax` | Available in Canary branch v82 or later and Dev branch v82 or later | This change is happening in the Chromium project, on which Microsoft Edge is based.  For more information, including the planned timeline by Google for this change, please review the [Chrome Platform Status entry][ChromePlatformStatus5088147346030592].  Based on user and developer feedback, the Microsoft Edge team is shipping this feature in Microsoft Edge later than Google.  |  

```

> | Referrer Policy: Default to `strict-origin-when-cross-origin` | Canary/Dev experimentation starting in v79 | This change is happening in the Chromium project, on which Microsoft Edge is based.  For more information, including the planned timeline by Google for this change, please review the [Chrome Platform Status entry][ChromePlatformStatus6251880185331712].  Based on user and developer feedback, the Microsoft Edge team is shipping this feature in Microsoft Edge at the same time or later than Google.  |  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Referrer Policy: Default to `strict-origin-when-cross-origin` | Available in Canary branch v79 or later and Dev branch v79 or later | This change is happening in the Chromium project, on which Microsoft Edge is based.  For more information, including the planned timeline by Google for this change, please review the [Chrome Platform Status entry][ChromePlatformStatus6251880185331712].  Based on user and developer feedback, the Microsoft Edge team is shipping this feature in Microsoft Edge at the same time or later than Google.  |  

```

> | Disallow synchronous XmlHttpRequest in page dismissal | Shipping in v83 | This change is happening in the Chromium project, on which Microsoft Edge is based.  For more information, including the planned timeline by Google for this change, please review the [Chrome Platform Status entry][ChromePlatformStatus4664843055398912].  Based on enterprise and developer feedback, the Microsoft Edge team is shipping this feature in Microsoft Edge later than Chrome.  Matching Chrome, Edge offers a Group Policy to disable this change until Edge 88.  |  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Disallow synchronous XmlHttpRequest in page dismissal | Available in Official branch v83 and later | This change is happening in the Chromium project, on which Microsoft Edge is based.  For more information, including the planned timeline by Google for this change, please review the [Chrome Platform Status entry][ChromePlatformStatus4664843055398912].  Based on enterprise and developer feedback, the Microsoft Edge team is shipping this feature in Microsoft Edge later than Chrome.  Matching Chrome, Edge offers a Group Policy to disable this change until Edge 88.  |  

```

> | Disallow synchronous XmlHttpRequest in page dismissal | Shipping in v83 | This change is happening in the Chromium project, on which Microsoft Edge is based.  For more information, including the planned timeline by Google for this change, please review the [Chrome Platform Status entry][ChromePlatformStatus4664843055398912].  Based on enterprise and developer feedback, the Microsoft Edge team is shipping this feature in Microsoft Edge later than Chrome.  Matching Chrome, Edge offers a Group Policy to disable this change until Edge 88.  |  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Disallow synchronous XmlHttpRequest in page dismissal | Shipping in v83 | This change is happening in the Chromium project, on which Microsoft Edge is based.  For more information, including the planned timeline by Google for this change, please review the [Chrome Platform Status entry][ChromePlatformStatus4664843055398912].  Based on enterprise and developer feedback, the Microsoft Edge team is shipping this feature in Microsoft Edge later than Chrome.  Matching Chrome, Edge offers a Group Policy to disable this change for Official branch v88 and earlier.  |  

```

> | Disallow synchronous XmlHttpRequest in page dismissal | Shipping in v83 | This change is happening in the Chromium project, on which Microsoft Edge is based.  For more information, including the planned timeline by Google for this change, please review the [Chrome Platform Status entry][ChromePlatformStatus4664843055398912].  Based on enterprise and developer feedback, the Microsoft Edge team is shipping this feature in Microsoft Edge later than Chrome.  Matching Chrome, Edge offers a Group Policy to disable this change until Edge 88.  |  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Disallow synchronous XmlHttpRequest in page dismissal | Shipping in v83 | This change is happening in the Chromium project, on which Microsoft Edge is based.  For more information, including the planned timeline by Google for this change, please review the [Chrome Platform Status entry][ChromePlatformStatus4664843055398912].  Based on enterprise and developer feedback, the Microsoft Edge team is shipping this feature in Microsoft Edge later than Chrome.  To matching the Chrome experience, Edge offers a Group Policy to disable this change until Edge 88.  |  

```

> | Disable TLS/1.0 and TLS/1.1 by default | Shipping in v83 | To help discover impacted sites, you may set the `edge://flags/#show-legacy-tls-warnings` flag to cause Edge to show a non-blocking "Not Secure" notice when loading pages that require legacy TLS protocols.  The [SSLMinVersion][DeployedEdgePoliciesSSLMinVersion] Group Policy permits re-enabling of TLS/1.0 and TLS/1.1; the policy remains available until Edge 88.  |  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Disable TLS/1.0 and TLS/1.1 by default | Available in Official branch v83 and later | To help discover impacted sites, you may set the `edge://flags/#show-legacy-tls-warnings` flag to cause Edge to show a non-blocking "Not Secure" notice when loading pages that require legacy TLS protocols.  The [SSLMinVersion][DeployedEdgePoliciesSSLMinVersion] Group Policy permits re-enabling of TLS/1.0 and TLS/1.1; the policy remains available until Edge 88.  |  

```

> | Disable TLS/1.0 and TLS/1.1 by default | Shipping in v83 | To help discover impacted sites, you may set the `edge://flags/#show-legacy-tls-warnings` flag to cause Edge to show a non-blocking "Not Secure" notice when loading pages that require legacy TLS protocols.  The [SSLMinVersion][DeployedEdgePoliciesSSLMinVersion] Group Policy permits re-enabling of TLS/1.0 and TLS/1.1; the policy remains available until Edge 88.  |  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Disable TLS/1.0 and TLS/1.1 by default | Shipping in v83 | To help discover impacted sites, you may set the `edge://flags/#show-legacy-tls-warnings` flag to cause Edge to show a non-blocking "Not Secure" notice when loading pages that require legacy TLS protocols.  The [SSLMinVersion][DeployedEdgePoliciesSSLMinVersion] Group Policy permits re-enabling of TLS/1.0 and TLS/1.1; the policy remains available for Official branch v88 and earlier.  |  

```

> | Block mixed content downloads | Shipping one release after Chrome.  Current target release for UI warnings is v83 | This change is happening in the Chromium project, on which Microsoft Edge is based.  For more information, including the planned timeline by Google for this change, please review the [Google security blog entry][GoogleBlogSecurity20200206].  Based on user and developer feedback, the Microsoft Edge team is shipping this feature in Microsoft Edge one release after Chrome ships.  The Microsoft rollout schedule on filetypes to warn or block is planned for one release after Chrome.  |  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Block mixed content downloads | Available one release after Chrome.  Current target is Official branch v83 and later | This change is happening in the Chromium project, on which Microsoft Edge is based.  For more information, including the planned timeline by Google for this change, please review the [Google security blog entry][GoogleBlogSecurity20200206].  Based on user and developer feedback, the Microsoft Edge team is shipping this feature in Microsoft Edge one release after Chrome ships.  The Microsoft roll-out schedule on file-types to warn or block is planned for one release after Chrome.  |  

```
